Thrust and CUB: README: Fix copy-paste from libcu++ and links (#1878)
NVIDIA/cccl: cub/README.md

CUB provides state-of-the-art, reusable software components for every layer
of the CUDA programming model:
- [<b><em>Device-wide primitives</em></b>](https://nvidia.github.io/cccl/cub/device_wide.html)
  - Sort, prefix scan, reduction, histogram, etc.
  - Compatible with CUDA dynamic parallelism
- [<b><em>Block-wide "collective" primitives</em></b>](https://nvidia.github.io/cccl/cub/block_wide.html)
  - I/O, sort, prefix scan, reduction, histogram, etc.
  - Compatible with arbitrary thread block sizes and types
- [<b><em>Warp-wide "collective" primitives</em></b>](https://nvidia.github.io/cccl/cub/warp_wide.html)
  - Warp-wide prefix scan, reduction, etc.
  - Safe and architecture-specific

> - [<b><em>Thread and resource utilities</em></b>](https://nvlabs.github.io/cub/group___util_io.html)

Reviewer: I would prefer to just completely get rid of the broken links. Since we don't have a `module` for this group to link to right now, I'd suggest to just remove the link here.
```suggestion
- <b><em>Thread and resource utilities</em></b>
```

  - PTX intrinsics, device reflection, texture-caching iterators, caching memory allocators, etc.

> ![Orientation of collective primitives within the CUDA software stack](https://nvidia.github.io/cccl/cub/index.html#cub-s-collective-primitives)

Reviewer: I think the idea here was to include the image. Could you update the link to:
```suggestion
![Orientation of collective primitives within the CUDA software stack](https://nvidia.github.io/cccl/cub/_images/cub_overview.png)
```
